All right guys.
Welcome back.
So this is the day eight I believe follow along and I apologize in advance for the asynchronous nature
of some of these videos.
It's kind of hard to start and grow an account and teach the lessons at the same time and then give
you as much information and over my shoulder type insights as I can.
So a lot of times I'm doing things that don't really fit into the category of a new concept.
So I can't included in the lecture so I put them into this.
You just kind of have like a linear timeline of did this did this did this.
Now in this timeline it's day eight and I just started doing page shout out.
So if you remember paid shout outs this was the document that we just put together and we calculated
out what the expected engagement per dollar was.
Now what I'm going to do over the next couple days is I'm actually going to start using these and now
the reason why I'm doing this is because we started posting our full five posts a day and this is the
first day that we've done that.
So we posted this okay these five.
That's what happened yesterday.
And as you can see the engagement is pretty normal.
What we did get was something like 60 followers joined.
Now this is really just like a snowball effect.
If you're seeing this and wondering like how the hell is going to get to twenty thousand fifty thousand
whatever it's just because of snowballing now I only have 500 followers so every time I post only shows
it to them and so they can only interact so much which means that the engagement on the posts can only
then go to so many top post hashtags and things like that.
So at this point in the course I'm getting into page shout outs now because that's the only way that
I can kind of skip this problem where in order to grow I need to do shout for shout and I can't really
get to that because I don't want to shout out with someone with 500 followers and nobody wants to do
with.
I don't have any.
So I'm going to use page shout outs to get to a point where I can then start trading with people so
it's only gonna cost a little bit of money if somebody shouts for like 15 bucks 10 bucks I'm just gonna
try them out record what works what doesn't and then hopefully when I get to a couple thousand then
I can start reaching out and what I'll do is I'll start reaching out to people who have almost the same
as I do.
So they have two thousand I'll start looking for people two thousand and then I get to 5000 look for
Google 5000 et cetera et cetera.
So that's kind of the next logical step for me.
And that's what I'm going to do.
But other than that yeah I mean we saw kind of what I expected each post usually gets me something like
10 followers I'm going to pick a strategy for my hash tagging whether it's rotating groups or going
after small hashtags that matched the average engagement on like posts or I don't know there's several
other strategies.
Some are just more time intensive but they're more targeted.
So therefore maybe you want to try those.
I'm not sure what I've been doing up till this point was just rotating.
So you to look at this quote for instance see OK.
These are the ones we have.
You can see it's an innovation entrepreneurship and business.
OK.
Then we look at the next one it was future technology design.
So I'm just rotating Mario and I'm doing that because I'm hosting five times.
I don't a person the same hashtag say like three times a day.
That's just I don't know I don't know what the limit is.
Honestly I don't really want to push it.
I would say three's probably the limit.
I think it probably fine a 2 to 3.
I would try to keep it to two though and it also try to space out your post as much as possible.
Also I'm not optimizing my post timing yet because I don't actually have the data I need for that.
So let's see my engagement here.
As you can see these all the dots represent when I've posted so I don't actually know I need to fill
in more of these dots.
And then what I'll start doing is lining them up.
So like every there is a I will post at this time and this time this time the ones I've established
before are when my people are awake.
So that'll come in later so you'll start seeing posts being more effective and the hashtags being more
effective.
But it all kind of it's all a process.
We're gonna get data first let's check it let's check in with the content side of this.
Okay.
So what I've done is I've started two boards so still using innovation station posts but I'm also using
one specifically for quotes.
Now the process I'm using in quotes you'll actually see me talk about in the section or we talk about
automation but with the quotes what I'm doing is I'm using a just a virtual assistant type person to
go and find quotes on these lists call type websites compile them and then rewrite them slightly to
make them a little more interesting and then the original virtual assistant is also just putting them
into Canada and pumping them out.
So once we have a big document of these I believe I have it just an award doc.
Then we can just keep going with this.
Also what I decided to do was so if the original pattern I had was so here my quotes.
And if the person is famous then we put five facts about that person.
But you kind of run out there.
OK.
So there are five facts but Einstein you kind of run out of this.
That kind of opportunity very quickly because there's only so many famous people with good quotes related
innovation it's all too neat like came.
John Cage.
It's a great quote.
Who is this guy.
I don't even know.
OK.
So what we started doing instead was top three facts of the day about and then we just did some category
and so these are just generics.
So it would follow something like this.
So be top three facts about Blank of the day so we could do anything we can.
Innovation tech ideas business the future creativity.
There's tons and tons and tons of interesting facts and figures out there and so we have actually come
up with some of them.
Anyway I made that switch just because it's a lot easier than what I can do is just put in generic facts
the people aren't that famous.
And then we can just rotate them and mix and match.
So I don't ever have to actually keep adding to that list as long as it's long enough we can just keep
rotating them unless somebody is literally memorize every single post we have.
You know then that might be a problem.
Also I'm trying to do it such that when we post famous people multiple times like Steve Jobs we have
more than five facts because I'd be kind of annoying for just posting the same five facts over and over
again.
So we're trying to mix it up a little bit.
OK.
So that's pretty much where we're at.
Next time I check in.
We'll be seeing the effects of page shout outs.
You'll start seeing the hashtags getting a little more targeted.
And yeah I think that's kind of the next step.
So I'll see you guys then.